Blazor Hybrid routing and nav topic (#25130)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/hybrid/routing.md

---
title: ASP.NET Core Blazor Hybrid routing and navigation
author: guardrex
description: Learn how to manage request routing and navigation in Blazor Hybrid apps.
monikerRange: '>= aspnetcore-6.0'
ms.author: riande
ms.custom: "mvc"
ms.date: 02/24/2022
no-loc: ["Blazor Hybrid", Home, Privacy, Kestrel, appsettings.json, "ASP.NET Core Identity", cookie, Cookie, Blazor, "Blazor Server", "Blazor WebAssembly", "Identity", "Let's Encrypt", Razor, SignalR]
uid: blazor/hybrid/routing
---
# ASP.NET Core Blazor Hybrid routing and navigation

[!INCLUDE[](~/blazor/includes/blazor-hybrid-preview-notice.md)]

Register to the `ExternalNavigationStarting` event and set the `ExternalLinkNavigationEventArgs.ExternalLinkNavigationPolicy` property to change link handling behavior. The `ExternalLinkNavigationPolicy` enumeration (`enum`) allows setting link handling behavior to `OpenInExternalBrowser`, `InsecureOpenInWebView`, and `CancelNavigation`. The `ExternalLinkNavigationEventArgs.Uri` property can be used to dynamically set link handling behavior.

> External links are opened in the device default browser by default. Opening external links within the Blazor WebView isn't recommended unless the content is fully trusted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> External links are opened in the device default browser by default. Opening external links within the Blazor WebView can introduce security concerns and should not be enabled unless you can ensure all external links are fully trusted.
```

## .NET MAUI

Add the event handler to the constructor of the `Page` where the `BlazorWebView` is constructed:

> ```csharp

Reviewer: Should we have something about adding a `using` statement for `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.WebView`?

Register to the `ExternalNavigationStarting` event and set the `ExternalLinkNavigationEventArgs.ExternalLinkNavigationPolicy` property to change link handling behavior. The `ExternalLinkNavigationPolicy` enumeration (`enum`) allows setting link handling behavior to `OpenInExternalBrowser`, `InsecureOpenInWebView`, and `CancelNavigation`. The `ExternalLinkNavigationEventArgs.Uri` property can be used to dynamically set link handling behavior.

> [!WARNING]
> External links are opened in the device's default browser by default. Opening external links within a `BlazorWebView` can introduce security vulnerabilities and should ***not*** be enabled unless you can ensure that the external links are fully trusted.

## .NET MAUI

For the `Page` with the `BlazorWebView`:

* Add the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.WebView` namespace:

  ```csharp
  using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.WebView;

>   ```

Reviewer: This is required for all the platforms. Perhaps we should move this up above `## .NET MAUI` as a platform agnostic first step.

Author: I'll patch it.
